when you're a leader. That's one of the best things about being in a supervisory
position all the way up until your second class. You have
someone telling you where to do, where to go, what to do, who to do
it with. But when your leader, You have so much flexibility, you actually
work Mawr, I think, as a leader. But the point is, you can alter
your schedule as much as you want. You can not show up some days
if you want. If you feel like, um, some other thing needs your need,
your attention, you can actually just other people's schedule under
you. If you want Friday off, that's you go into the commanding officer
saying, Hey, you know what? Like uh, give us some free time here,
and if you think that we should come on Saturday and Sunday, I did
that pretty often on my last ship. You say, Hey, you know what? We're
doing this in serve. We need you guys toe, you know, bear down and
coming on the weekend